# Force.com Web Service Connector (WSC) #

The Force.com Web Service Connector (WSC) is a high performing web service client stack
implemented using a streaming parser. WSC also makes it much easier to use the Force.com
API (Web Services/SOAP or Asynchronous/REST API).  WSC can be used to invoke any doc
literal wrapped web service.

## Downloading WSC ##

You can download a pre-built WSC jar file from:

http://code.google.com/p/sfdc-wsc/downloads/list

The pre-built jar files were generated using JDK 1.6 and only run on JDK 1.6 or newer. ~~To build a jar file that can run on JDK 1.5, see "Building WSC from Source Code."~~ _Since release 23 compiling the tool for JDK 1.5 is no longer an option._

## Building WSC from Source Code ##

Prerequisite: You need JDK 1.6 and Ant to compile WSC jar files.

To compile jar files:

1. Download the source code from:
> http://code.google.com/p/sfdc-wsc/source/checkout

2. cd to dist directory.

3. run "`ant all`" to generate the wsc-xx.jar and wsc-xx-min.jar files (xx is tool release, currently 23)

## Generating Stub Code from a WSDL ##

Run wsdlc on the WSDL you have downloaded:

> `java -classpath wsc-xx.jar com.sforce.ws.tools.wsdlc *wsdl* *jar.file*`

or

> `java -jar wsc-23.jar *wsdl* *jar.file*`

  * **wsdl** is the name of the WSDL file
  * **jar.file** is the name of the output jar file that wsdlc generates
  * You can include an optional argument: -Dpackage-prefix=**myprefix**

## Write application code ##
Write your client application. For example, the following code creates a new Account using partner API:

```

   import com.sforce.soap.partner.*;
   import com.sforce.soap.partner.sobject.*;
   import com.sforce.ws.*;

   public static void main(String args) {
              ConnectorConfig config = new ConnectorConfig();
              config.setUsername("username");
              config.setPassword("password");

              PartnerConnection connection = Connector.newConnection(config);
              SObject account = new SObject();
              account.setType("Account");
              account.setField("Name", "My Account");
              connection.create(new SObject[]{account});
   }

```

Add wsc-xx-min.jar and **jar.file** (generated by wsdlc) to your classpath, then compile and run your client application.