= Force.com Web Service Connector (WSC) =

The Force.com Web Service Connector (WSC) is a high performing web service client stack 
implemented using a streaming parser. WSC also makes it much easier to use the Force.com 
API (Web Services/SOAP or Asynchronous/REST API).  WSC can be used to invoke any doc 
literal wrapped web service.

== Building WSC from soruce == 

1. Download source code from:
     http://code.google.com/p/sfdc-wsc/source/checkout

2. cd to dist directory.

3. run "ant all" to generate wsc.jar file.

You can also download a pre build wsc jar file from:

http://sfdc-wsc.googlecode.com/files/wsc-16_0.jar


== Generating stub from wsdl == 

Run wsdlc on the WSDL you have downloaded:

   java -classpath wsc.jar com.sforce.ws.tools.wsdlc *wsdl* *jar.file*

   - *wsdl* is the name of the WSDL file
   - *jar.file* is the name of the output jar file that wsdlc generates
   - You can include an optional argument: -Dpackage-prefix=*myprefix*

== Write application code ==
Write your client application. For example, the following code creates a new Account using partner API:

{{{

   import com.sforce.soap.partner.*;
   import com.sforce.soap.partner.sobject.*;
   import com.sforce.ws.*;

   public static void main(String args) {
              ConnectorConfig config = new ConnectorConfig();
              config.setUsername("username");
              config.setPassword("password");

              connection = Connector.newConnection(config);
              SObject account = new SObject();
              account.setType("Account");
              account.setField("Name", "My Account");
              connection.create(new SObject[]{account});
   }

}}}

Step 3. Put <jar.file>, generated by wsdlc, in the classpath, then compile and run your client application.

= Details =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages